Update DNS IP regarding multiple IPs (#32308)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/dnsip.markdown

The **DNS IP** {% term integration %} will expose an IP address, fetched via DNS resolution (every 2 minutes), as its value. It provides both IPv4 and IPv6 lookup as separate sensors depending on accessibility to resolvers.

1. When you enable the {% term integration %}  with the default value, it will query the [OpenDNS](https://www.opendns.com/) nameservers with the hostname `myip.opendns.com`, which will resolve to your external/public IP address.

> 2. If you specify a `hostname`, a regular DNS lookup will be performed, providing you the IP the hostname resolves to. If your hostname resolves to multiple IP addresses, the lowest IP will returned as the state. Up to the first 10 IPs will be returned in the `IPs` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you specify a `hostname`, a regular DNS lookup will be performed, providing you the IP the hostname resolves to. If your hostname resolves to multiple IP addresses, the lowest IP will be returned as the state. The first 10 IPs will be returned in ascending order in the `IPs` attribute.
```
Tiny tweak. That's how I understood it from the core PR. Please correct me if I got this wrong.

> 2. If you specify a `hostname`, a regular DNS lookup will be performed, providing you the IP the hostname resolves to. If your hostname resolves to multiple IP addresses, the lowest IP will be returned as the state. The first 10 IPs will be returned in ascending order in the `IPs` attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. If you specify a `hostname`, a regular DNS lookup will be performed, providing you the IP the hostname resolves to. If your hostname resolves to multiple IP addresses, the lowest IP will be returned as the state. The first 10 IPs will be returned in ascending order in the `ip_addresses` attribute.
```
